Something we're super excited about with coding for entrepreneurs is we have so much of our code available
and open source on get dot com slash coding for entrepreneurs.
So this is where the code currently resides for any of our projects or for the majority of our projects.
So if you actually go into repositories you'll see the code that's related to our projects.
We also have Guynn So these are helpful guides for installing all types of things that are related to
coding French and coding in general.
And so definitely check that out if you haven't seen it already.
But as far as how you're going to use this code in your projects you're going to go ahead and click
on one of your projects or whatever the project that you're working on.
So in this case serve up membership as the project but we also have Gengel gap and 30 days a swift and
so on and so forth.
So you click on the project that you want to work with and then you'll look and see the various code
that's related to it.
So anything in here is the actual code that is most up to date.
Right so it's going to be the most up to date code that you'll be able to use.
And then if you scroll down you can see there's a section for lecture code and this can be true on most
projects that actually have lectures instead of just one.
If it's only one letter then it's not going to have lecture code obviously that will make sense when
you're actually watching those projects because then you'll be able to take what's said in the video
and look at the letter code itself.
After that video is done.
So what I mean is when you watch the log in required lecture It's called It's titled log in required
and then the code is also titled log in required.
So when you actually watch that lecture at the very end of it you can click on this one and it will
show you whatever that code is.
So that's got to be true for all of these.
If you go to customize and integrate almost looks that's going to this is going to be the code that's
done after that video is finished.
So if you are in a point where let's say for instance you watched a bunch of them and for whatever reason
you're getting stuck on one of the lectures and the code is just not clicking on your machine.
It's just not working out well what you can do is you can either jump ahead and grab one of those codes
and then kind of work backwards or you can just go to the next lecture possible and grab that code and
then start it from there.
Or even better you grab the most recent lecture that you finished.
So I just finished custom user model part 1 and I went there and got in.
Now I'm done with it.
So I want to go ahead and click on this code and I'm going to download the zip file so if I download
the zip it actually gives me this code related to this commit.
So the commit has a tree up here so it actually takes me to a completely different area for the code.
Now this has to do with hub and all that.
But basically when you want to download any particular code you want to go based off of the commit version.
So this tree appear and that's what these links are doing.
Is that really just going to a tree of this commit version.
So previous comments that we've made and being able to use that code itself.
So if we double click on this code itself we'll see that if we come in here we have all this stuff that
we would need.
We have our source files we have source.
We have a read me license our requirements that T x t and that's all the stuff that you would need to
actually get your project started.
And then also be able to check the code on your local computer as well.
Right.
So if we look into let's say counts and we look at our models IPY I can actually see this code and it
doesn't matter what computer you're on.
Now on a Mac I can preview just by pressing spacebar and I can see this code and this is actually what
the code is right so that I can use this code and reference it against what I currently am using.
Right because you might have made some errors or some issues and stuff like that.
So one thing you will know about projects in particular if there's a migration folder and there's additional
migrations in here that aren't on yours you can go ahead and ignore those and actually delete them.
And then if you do delete any migrations delete this folder or the database and then start from scratch
basically So run Python managed IPY sync DBI or Python managed up why make migrations So that is just
a little bit about the get Hub's stuff.
Granted we will have actual videos on polling a project from good hub and that using that project itself.
But I did want to mention at least while you're going through these these videos that you can actually
click on any of these lectures and compare it against yours.
This is really good for troubleshooting one of the key tenets of getting better at code.
After you understand how it all works by following what we do.
The next part of it would be looking at code that you may have not seen in a while or have seen it all
and actually trying to figure out what's going on.
Right so if I go on to you or else I'll see you like the usual patterns that I have and I'll probably
be able to do some stuff here.
But that is something that you want to start practicing very early on.
Actually check out the code so let's say for instance you finished this serve up project and you go
into a repository and you want to check out one of the projects itself.
So you go in the repository and you see let's say this e-commerce project or better yet let's see launch
with code.
We go in here and then you might want to just look at the code itself and get an idea of what's going
on.
What I do is I'll check out the settings and then I'm going to YOUR else to see how it's all mapped
out so I can kind of see how the site actually works directly from you or else.
Because if you remember or if you don't know this yet but you will soon or else is where it starts.
But anyways so that's a little bit about the get hub I realized as an introduction so you probably aren't
familiar with a lot of this material yet anyway but once you do get familiar this hub is going to be
a great spot for you to get much better at the code itself.
OK so if you have any questions let me know.
Otherwise let's keep going.